feat(components, components-angular, documentation): add new post-avatar component (#3352)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/components/avatar/avatar.docs.mdx

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as AvatarPictureStories from './avatar.stories';

<Meta of={AvatarPictureStories} />

<div className="docs-title">
  # Avatar

  <nav>
    <link-design of={JSON.stringify(AvatarPictureStories)}></link-design>
  </nav>
</div>

<p className="lead">Display a user's profile picture or their initials if the picture is unavailable.</p>

The `<post-avatar>` component provides several properties to change its appearance. The most important one is probably the `email` property, which is used to request a Gravatar picture.

Don't know Gravatar or haven't set up a profile yet, let's change this: [Signup](https://gravatar.com) now!

> <Canvas of={AvatarPictureStories.Default} />

Reviewer: For some reason, the canvas has a different size when used with email address vs. without:

With avatar 130px
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/560f426b-26df-45c7-9a5c-91a3bbd0efd9)

Without gravatar 123px
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bd441e0a-944f-4ccd-808d-a65c22d37c82)

The avatar retains it's size though, I don't know what the issue is. The only thing is that the layout shifts a bit when entering an email. Do you know what could cause this?

  <div className="mb-regular alert alert-info alert-md">This will only work on `post.ch` urls and only in internal projects.</div>
3. If you use the `email` property (to show a users picture provided through gravatar.com) and a picture is available, this will override the `firstname` and `lastname` properties.<br/><br/>
  <div className="mb-regular alert alert-info alert-md">Don't know Gravatar or haven't set up a profile yet, let's change this: [Signup](https://gravatar.com) now!</div>
4. As an overall fallback the `firstname` and `lastname` properties are used to show at least some initials. And as an addition, `firstname` and `lastname` (if defined) are also used on all the other methods to set the `alt` tag of the image (if not already defined).<br/><br/>
  <div className="mb-regular alert alert-info alert-md">Because of big differences in the naming convenions around the world, we only set the `firstname` as required property.</div>

## Check the Content Security Policy

If your project includes the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy">Content-Security-Policy</a> response header (usually in `index.html`),

> make sure that `default-src` is set to `'self'`. In case you are using the `<post-avatar>` component you need to add [`https://gravatar.com`](https://gravatar.com/) to the `connect-src` in index.html. This is because the component tries to load a profile picture from there, through the provided `email` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make sure that `default-src` is set to `'self'`. The `<post-avatar>` component is capable of loading images from gravatar, therefore you need to add [`https://gravatar.com`](https://gravatar.com/) to the `connect-src` in index.html. This is because the component tries to load a profile picture from there, through the provided `email` property.
```
